bye
and we're back for another episode of 29
gallon reef name now I'm going to have
all the fish out I'm going to drain the
rest of the water so I can pull my tank
away from the wall and then I can start
checking out my plum and see what I have
to cut to release this tank because when
i installed everything as i saw that i
installed the plumbing and glue fittings
in place so i'll have to cut some stuff
out but that's not that big of a deal I
anticipated that so it's just a matter
of pulling all the rest of the water out
getting everything moved this right here
is just some actually what it is is when
i got my swimming pool this is the happy
bottom from my swimming pool i'll put it
behind the tank to kind of multiple some
of the sound but all it is is just a
little like styrofoam or something I
used it to muffle down sound of the
trickling water and everything you
worked pretty good so I'll probably
reuse it because it's cut out for the
tank I'll just install it a little bit
better to start
okay all in one piece so I won't have to
cut it you know such it got okay this is
my DIY overflow if you want to come a
little closer I can show you right here
it's just just inch and a half PVC and I
mean check out a lot of other videos on
how to make the overflow it's really
easy to think my very first song video I
made a small one out of three quarter
just up the size what I actually did as
i went with inch and a half think this
is inch and a half for inch and quarter
PVC it actually outperforms my return
pump and that's kind of what you want
you want something that's going to
outperform their return pump because if
you don't outperform your return pump
then you have a problem with dialing
back your overflow this way you don't
have to dial back the overflow or the
return pump you just let that pump pump
and if the pump pumps not 100 gallons an
hour that it pumps 900 gallons an hour
this thing can handle it the pipe is so
big and this piece up here is a little
custom piece what it was was a 3-inch
pipe to inch and a half pipe and all it
did was cut a bunch of slots in it so
the water can go in but it stops the
little hermit crabs like this one guy
got stuck so you probably needed make it
but uh but I mean this this worked out
great but look at the algae that it
collects I mean that's crazy but it's so
close to the light but it works really
really good I've never
and I've never had any problems with it
clogging up especially a pipe this size
never clogged up however I did have a
problem when your powerheads catch air
all the little air bubbles sometimes
maybe this might happen I guess the tank
was set up for about a year and a half
or so maybe and all the little air
bubbles get caught in it and it goes
down but then they stop right here so
this guy right here Prime's the pump
that way it can start cycling but every
once in a while you have to suck the air
out of this top piece because then it
will get air locked and then it stops
overflowing and then you pump just fill
the tank up fills the tank up and then
it will start spilling out everywhere
but like i said this size pipe I've
never had any real major problems with
it this is a great design and it just
worked out great this cap right here I
put some little cotton swabs to muffle
the gurgling noise so really when this
thing is running you don't really hear
that all but right now it's full of
water so I'm just going to go straight
outside with it because I gotta clean it
I'm going to flush it out up stick of
garden who's in it really flush it out
good this cap right here is not gluten
olin it's just fitted on so I'll be able
to take that off underneath that I've
got a bunch of little holes I'll be able
to show you all that so let me bring
this outside and then I'll start moving
the tank and probably bring the tank
outside hose it off rinse it out really
good before we put all the fish and
everything back in so other than that
this is the teardown of the 55-gallon
making way for the 75
thanks for watching 29 gallon reef man
make sure to subscribe to my channel and
also for funny skits movie reviews and
much more check out mr. de region